bpo-46007: Exclude PyUnicode_CHECK_INTERNED() from limited C API (#29987)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

  been included directly, consider including ``Python.h`` instead.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`35134`.)

> * The :c:func:`PyUnicode_CHECK_INTERNED` macro has been excluded from the
>   limited C API, because it uses the ``PyASCIIObject`` structure which is
>   excluded from the limited C API.
>   (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`46007`.)

Reviewer: It used ``PyUnicodeObject`` in 3.2, so I'd either omit the reference to ``PyASCIIObject`` or include both.

```suggestion
* The :c:func:`PyUnicode_CHECK_INTERNED` macro has been excluded from the
  limited C API. It was never usable there, because it used internal structures
  which are not available in the limited C API.
  (Contributed by Victor Stinner in :issue:`46007`.)
```

Author: Ok, I applied your suggestion.
